{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Flash Photography via Intrinsic Relightning\

\f1\b0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.berlios.de/projects/flashphoto"}}{\fldrslt http://developer.berlios.de/projects/flashphoto}}\
\

\f2\i by Guillermo Miranda \'e7lamo ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:gmiranda@users.berlios.de"}}{\fldrslt gmiranda@users.berlios.de}})
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 This project focuses on implementing flash photography related algorithms. The first algorithm to be implemented is called "Flash Photography Enhancement via Intrinsic Relighting", presented in SIGGRAPH 2004, see {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://artis.imag.fr/Publications/2004/ED04"}}{\fldrslt http://artis.imag.fr/Publications/2004/ED04}}\
\

\f0\b \ul What's this?\ulnone \

\f1\b0 This program lets you create an image based on the information of 
\f0\b two photographs
\f1\b0 : a 
\f2\i flash
\f1\i0  one, and another photo 
\f2\i without flash
\f1\i0 . That means that you have to use a tripod or something.\
\
This program is 
\f0\b released
\f1\b0  under the 
\f0\b GPL version 2 License
\f1\b0 .\
\

\f0\b \ul How to use it\ulnone \

\f1\b0 First, install the application (as usual, drag 
\f2\i FlashPhotography
\f1\i0  into your 
\f2\i Applications
\f1\i0  folder). Now run the application.\
\
Select the 
\f0\b flash
\f1\b0  photograph image (a file search dialog will pop up) and choose OK. Now repeat the process with the
\f0\b  non flash
\f1\b0  image. So now you will be seeing the two images scaled down. You have now to choose where to 
\f0\b store
\f1\b0  the 
\f0\b result image
\f1\b0 : push the 
\f2\i Result image 
\f1\i0 button, choose where do you want to save it.\
\

\f0\b Important note:
\f1\b0  JPEG files are not working yet, please use another format to 
\f0\b load
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b save
\f1\b0 . When 
\f0\b saving the result image
\f1\b0 , add manually the 
\f0\b extension
\f1\b0  (or 
\f0\b format
\f1\b0 ): if you want to save to 
\f2\i results.png
\f1\i0 , write clearly 
\f2\i results
\f3\b .png
\f1\i0\b0  so the program will understand which file format you want.\
\

\f0\b \ul What images can I use?\ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Almost every common file format (but JPEG on the Macintosh): BMP, PNG, TIFF, ...\
{\listtext	\'a5	}The flash and no flash images 
\f0\b must be
\f1\b0  of the 
\f0\b same resolution
\f1\b0 .\
{\listtext	\'a5	}And remember, use a 
\f0\b tripod
\f1\b0  if you want to try with your own photographs. The camera must be calibrated.\
{\listtext	\'a5	}Please, use 
\f0\b low resolution images
\f1\b0 . The algorithm is 
\f0\b experimental
\f1\b0 , and still is 
\f0\b slow
\f1\b0 .\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
So 
\f0\b if you just want to try this
\f1\b0  use the 
\f0\b two supplied images
\f1\b0 . They were downloaded from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://artis.imag.fr/Publications/2004/ED04"}}{\fldrslt ARTIS website}} (where you can find the original algorithm and more images), and scaled down.\
\

\f0\b \ul Any problems?\

\f1\b0 \ulnone This experimental version isn't perfect: there will be some artifacts in the result image. In the stable version (not published) they aren't there, but an image that takes 1 minute to rebuild takes almost 2 hours using the stable algorithm.\
\
If you are experiencing any problem, or want to tell me what you think about this, please, 
\f0\b feel free to contact me 
\f1\b0 at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:gmiranda@users.berlios.de"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b gmiranda@users.berlios.de}}\
\
Thank you!}